[oneDPL][RNG][Spec] Added the extensions sections (#492)
oneapi-src/oneAPI-spec: source/elements/oneDPL/source/sycl_kernels_api.rst

engines, engine adaptors, and distributions, where ``Type`` is one of data types supported by the corresponding
class template in the standard. For such template instantiations, the ``result_type`` is also defined to
``sycl::vec<Type, N>``.

Engines, engine adaptors, and distributions additionally define ``scalar_type``, equivalent to the following:

- ``using scalar_type = typename result_type::element_type;`` if ``result_type`` is ``sycl::vec<Type, N>``,
- otherwise, ``using scalar_type = result_type;``

The ``scalar_type`` is used instead of ``result_type`` in all contexts where a scalar data type is expected, including

- the type of configuration parameters and properties,
- the seed value type,
- the input parameters of constructors,
- the return value type of ``min()`` and ``max()`` methods, etc.

Since ``scalar_type`` is the same as ``result_type`` except for template instantiations with ``sycl::vec``,
class templates still meet the applicable requirements of the `C++ Standard`_.

When instantiated with ``sycl::vec<Type,N>``, ``linear_congruential_engine`` and ``subtract_with_carry_engine`` may not

> formally satisfy the uniform random bit generator requirements defined by the `C++ Standard`_. Instead, the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
formally satisfy the *uniform random bit generator* requirements defined by the `C++ Standard`_. Instead, the following
```

Or however _italic_ can be done in RST

Author: Applied

> alternative requirements apply: for an engine object ``g`` of type ``G``,
> 
> - ``G::scalar_type`` is an unsigned integral type same as ``sycl::vec<Type,N>::element_type``,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
alternative requirements apply. 

For an engine object ``g`` of type ``G``:

- ``G::scalar_type`` is an unsigned integral type same as ``sycl::vec<Type,N>::element_type``,
```

Reviewer 2: I am afraid, in this way it's not quite clear what the alternative requirements are. Let's try improving it later.

Author: Postpone the change

- ``G::min()`` and ``G::max()`` return a value of ``G::scalar_type``,

> - for each index ``i`` in the range [0, ``N``), ``G::min() <= g()[i]`` and ``g()[i] <= G::max()``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- for each index ``i`` in the range [``0``, ``N``), ``G::min() <= g()[i]`` and ``g()[i] <= G::max()``.
```

Effectively, these engines satisfy the standard uniform random bit generator requirements for each element
of a ``sycl::vec`` returned by their ``operator()``.

> Similarly, for a distribution ``d`` of a type ``D`` that is a template instantiated with ``sycl::vec<Type,N>``,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly, for a distribution object ``d`` of a type ``D`` that is a template instantiated with ``sycl::vec<Type,N>``:
```

Author: Thanks for the comments. Applied.

- ``D::scalar_type`` is the same as ``sycl::vec<Type,N>::element_type``,
- ``D::min()`` and ``D::max()`` return a value of ``D::scalar_type``, and ``D::min() <= D::max()``,
- ``operator()`` of a distribution returns a ``sycl::vec<Type,N>`` filled with random values
  in the closed interval ``[D::min(), D::max()]``;

> The following engines and engine adaptors with predefined parameters are defined:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following template aliases for engines and engine adaptors are defined:
```

Author: The wording "with predefined parameters" is aligned with C++ std. Should we change it?

Reviewer 2: No, I think we should keep it. From the RNG standpoint, it's exactly engines with predefined parameters.

Author: Kept it as it is now

Reviewer: I disagree, because in the standard they don't have template aliases to the best of my knowledge. But I don't want to argue.

Reviewer 2: https://eel.is/c++draft/rand.predef
```
using minstd_rand0 =
      linear_congruential_engine<uint_fast32_t, 16'807, 0, 2'147'483'647>;
```
and so on.

.. code:: cpp

    template <int N>
    using minstd_rand0_vec = linear_congruential_engine<sycl::vec<::std::uint_fast32_t, N>, 16807, 0, 2147483647>;

    template <int N>
    using minstd_rand_vec = linear_congruential_engine<sycl::vec<uint_fast32_t, N>, 48271, 0, 2147483647>;

    template <int N>
    using ranlux24_base_vec = subtract_with_carry_engine<sycl::vec<uint_fast32_t, N>, 24, 10, 24>;

    template <int N>
    using ranlux48_base_vec = subtract_with_carry_engine<sycl::vec<uint_fast64_t, N>, 48, 5, 12>;

    template <int N>
    using ranlux24_vec = discard_block_engine<ranlux24_base_vec<N>, 223, 23>;

    template <int N>
    using ranlux48_vec = discard_block_engine<ranlux48_base_vec<N>, 389, 11>;

Except for producing a ``sycl::vec`` of random values per invocation, the behavior of these engines is equivalent to

> the corresponding scalar engines, as described in the following table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the corresponding scalar engines, as described in the following table:
```

Author: Applied
